mgr: adding support for prometheus endpoint configuration (#12926)
rook/rook: Documentation/Storage-Configuration/Monitoring/ceph-monitoring.md

kubectl -n rook-ceph get pod prometheus-rook-prometheus-0
```

### Dashboard config

Configure the Prometheus endpoint so the dashboard can retrieve metrics from Prometheus with two settings:
- `prometheusEndpoint`: The url of the Prometheus instance
- `prometheusEndpointSSLVerify`: Whether SSL should be verified if the Prometheus server is using https

> The following command can be used to get Prometheus url:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command can be used to get the Prometheus url:
```

Author: fixed

kubectl -n rook-ceph get pod prometheus-rook-prometheus-0
```

> At this point, the user can configure Prometheus end-point so dashboard can get metrics from Prometheus.

Reviewer: Let's add a header for this section.
```suggestion
### Dashboard config

Configure the Prometheus endpoint so the dashboard can retrieve metrics from Prometheus with two settings:
```

> Rook provides two parameters for this: prometheusEndpoint and prometheusEndpointSSLVerify. The first

Reviewer: How about a bullet list for the two settings?
```suggestion
- `prometheusEndpoint`: The url of the Prometheus instance
- `prometheusEndpointSSLVerify`: Whether SSL should be verified if the Prometheus server is using https
```

one is to specify the url of Prometheus instance meanwhile the second one controls whether SSL should be

> verified in case the Prometheus server is using HTTPS. The Following command can be used to get Prometheus url:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following command can be used to get Prometheus url:
```

```console
echo "http://$(kubectl -n rook-ceph -o jsonpath={.status.hostIP} get pod prometheus-rook-prometheus-0):30900"
```

> Following is an example of the changes to configure Prometheus end point (e.g., `cluster.yaml`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following is an example to configure the Prometheus endpoint in the CephCluster CR.
```

    ```YAML
    apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
    kind: CephCluster
    metadata:
      name: rook-ceph
      namespace: rook-ceph
    [...]
    spec:
    [...]

>       dashboard:

Reviewer: I'd suggest to remove all the context (remove lines 78-85) and just show the brief snippet from the cephcluster CR. The user should already be familiar with the cephcluster CR from other docs.
```suggestion
   spec:
      dashboard:
```
